README.md, before:

# ConnectSSHTunnel
Connects your PC, Raspberry PI, OpenWRT router to an SSH tunnel and routes all traffic through it.

## Features
* Auto reconnect if SSH connection drops
* Auto detect gateway (router)
* Revert changes on exit (CTRL+C)
* authenticated HTTP Proxy support

## Install
* Clone this repository
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/PocketMiner82/ConnectSSHTunnel.git
  cd ConnectSSHTunnel
  ```
* Copy the correct badvpn binary or build your own. The target name MUST be `badvpn-tun2socks`. For OpenWRT (aarch64) on a Raspberry PI 4:
  ```bash
  cp badvpn_compiled/badvpn-tun2socks_openwrt_rpi4_aarch64 badvpn-tun2socks
  ```
* Install the dependencies (OpenWRT)
  ```bash
  opkg update
  opkg install coreutils-base64 procps-ng-pkill coreutils-dirname openvpn ncat openssh-client sshpass bash
  ```
* Run the script once to copy the config file. Then edit `config.sh`. DO NOT edit `default_config.sh`!
* Make sure, the certificate of the server you specified in config to connect is trusted. If you are not sure run this (replace the placeholders before!):
  ```bash
  ssh <user>@<server_ip> -p <server_port>
  ```
  If you are behind a proxy:
  ```bash
  ssh <user>@<server_ip> -p <server_port> -o "ProxyCommand=ncat --proxy-type http --proxy <proxy_ip>:<proxy_port> --proxy-auth <proxy_user>:<proxy_password> %h %p"
  ```
* Finally, the script can be started with
  ```bash
  ./connect_ssh_server.sh
  ```
  Note that the script must be run as root, so you may need to prefix the command above with `sudo`.
  If you want to start the script on boot, add this to `/etc/rc.local`, in the line before `exit`.
  ```bash
  /bin/bash /path/to/connect_ssh_server.sh &
  ```

Commit message:

Add proxy_connect.sh script, supporting just forwarding all traffic to a http proxy

README.md, after:

# ConnectSSHTunnel
Connects your PC, Raspberry PI, OpenWRT router to an SSH tunnel and routes all traffic through it.
Also has simple proxy connect script to just route all traffic through the proxy (tun2http) without using SSH tunnel.

## Features
* Auto reconnect if SSH/proxy connection drops
* Auto detect gateway (router)
* Revert changes on exit (CTRL+C)
* authenticated HTTP Proxy support

## Install
* Clone this repository
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/PocketMiner82/ConnectSSHTunnel.git
  cd ConnectSSHTunnel
  ```
* Copy the correct badvpn binary or build your own. The target name MUST be `badvpn-tun2socks`. For OpenWRT (aarch64) on a Raspberry PI 4:
  ```bash
  cp badvpn_compiled/badvpn-tun2socks_openwrt_rpi4_aarch64 badvpn-tun2socks
  ```
* Install the dependencies (OpenWRT)
  ```bash
  opkg update
  opkg install coreutils-base64 procps-ng-pkill coreutils-dirname openvpn ncat openssh-client sshpass bash
  ```
  For proxy_connect.sh additionally:
  ```bash
  opkg install gost
  ```
  This may only work on ImmortalWRT, a fork of OpenWRT.
* Run the script once to copy the config file. Then edit `config.sh`. DO NOT edit `default_config.sh`!
* For SSH Tunnel: Make sure, the certificate of the server you specified in config to connect is trusted. If you are not sure run this (replace the placeholders before!):
  ```bash
  ssh <user>@<server_ip> -p <server_port>
  ```
  If you are behind a proxy:
  ```bash
  ssh <user>@<server_ip> -p <server_port> -o "ProxyCommand=ncat --proxy-type http --proxy <proxy_ip>:<proxy_port> --proxy-auth <proxy_user>:<proxy_password> %h %p"
  ```
* Finally, the script can be started with
  ```bash
  ./connect_ssh_server.sh
  ```

  Or for proxy_connect.sh:
  ```bash
  ./proxy_connect.sh
  ```

  Note that the script must be run as root, so you may need to prefix the command above with `sudo`.
  If you want to start the script on boot, add this to `/etc/rc.local`, in the line before `exit`.
  ```bash
  /bin/bash /path/to/connect_ssh_server.sh &
  ```
